memory is nothing in devotion
it is very extraordinary
Sight
cities of occupation
monuments of devotion
dollars installed
summer of 2003 of the year
and now more than five years
a monument of devotion stands
in Avtozavodsky district
up to 20 first
quarter
most of the inhabitants of our city
what for
grandson installed the layout of the monument
shepherd dogs
is coming and looking away
south highway
the fact
by this dog
happened in grief
before the owner died
in a car accident
and further
eight years
I sat here and so I looked away
the road where his master died
so was 8 years old
and the inhabitants of the year who lived the authorities are looking for
new quarters
they are to that extent
do you know what they want to say year
to such an extent imbued with respect
how do we make a monument
devotion
of course there is also moral
side
monument of devotion
he does teach something
bring up
traditionally considered that he
friendship needs this how to handle
So
treat not only people but their animals
but nevertheless one must state a fact
the question remains open